Question 1: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Document Name" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: The name of the contract
Answer: DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Question 2: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Parties" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: The two or more parties who signed the contract
Answer: Electric City of Illinois L.L.C.

Question 3: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Agreement Date" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: The date of the contract
Answer: 7th day of September, 1999.

Question 4: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Effective Date" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: The date when the contract is effective 
Answer: The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.

Question 5: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Expiration Date" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: On what date will the contract's initial term expire?
Answer: The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.

Question 6: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Renewal Term" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: What is the renewal term after the initial term expires? This includes automatic extensions and unilateral extensions with prior notice.
Answer: If Distributor complies with all of the terms of this Agreement, the Agreement shall be renewable on an annual basis for one (1) year terms for up to another ten (10) years on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein.

Question 7: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Notice Period To Terminate Renewal" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: What is the notice period required to terminate renewal?
Answer: If Distributor complies with all of the terms of this Agreement, the Agreement shall be renewable on an annual basis for one (1) year terms for up to another ten (10) years on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein.

Question 8: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Governing Law" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Which state/country's law governs the interpretation of the contract?
Answer: This Agreement is to be construed according to the laws of the State of Illinois.

Question 9: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Most Favored Nation" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a clause that if a third party gets better terms on the licensing or sale of technology/goods/services described in the contract, the buyer of such technology/goods/services under the contract shall be entitled to those better terms?
Answer: 

Question 10: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Non-Compete" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a restriction on the ability of a party to compete with the counterparty or operate in a certain geography or business or technology sector? 
Answer: Term of the Agreement and for a period of eighteen (18) months thereafter, nor will Distributor solicit any customer or potential customer of Company to purchase a competitive product during that period.

Question 11: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Exclusivity" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there an exclusive dealing  commitment with the counterparty? This includes a commitment to procure all “requirements” from one party of certain technology, goods, or services or a prohibition on licensing or selling technology, goods or services to third parties, or a prohibition on  collaborating or working with other parties), whether during the contract or  after the contract ends (or both).
Answer: The Company appoints the Distributor as an exclusive distributor of Products in the Market, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Question 12: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "No-Solicit Of Customers" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is a party restricted from contracting or soliciting customers or partners of the counterparty, whether during the contract or after the contract ends (or both)?
Answer: Distributor will not engage the services of any engineering or consulting firm without the express written consent of the Company.

Question 13: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Competitive Restriction Exception" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: This category includes the exceptions or carveouts to Non-Compete, Exclusivity and No-Solicit of Customers above.
Answer: Company hereby appoints Distributor as Company's exclusive distributor within the Market and grants to Distributor the exclusive right to sell and distribute Products within the Market, and Distributor hereby accepts such appointment and such grant, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Question 14: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "No-Solicit Of Employees" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a restriction on a party’s soliciting or hiring employees and/or contractors from the  counterparty, whether during the contract or after the contract ends (or both)?
Answer: During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, the Distributor (on behalf of itself, each of its affiliates and each of their respective representatives) agrees that it will not directly or indirectly solicit or hire any executive, managerial or technical employee of the Company or any of its affiliates.

Question 15: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Non-Disparagement" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a requirement on a party not to disparage the counterparty?
Answer: Distributor further agrees that it will not interfere with or otherwise disrupt the business relations between the Company or nay of its affiliates and any of their current or prospective customers, suppliers or distributors, during the

Question 16: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Termination For Convenience" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Can a party terminate this  contract without cause (solely by giving a notice and allowing a waiting  period to expire)?
Answer: Either party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days

Question 17: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Rofr/Rofo/Rofn" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a clause granting one party a right of first refusal, right of first offer or right of first negotiation to purchase, license, market, or distribute equity interest, technology, assets, products or services?
Answer: Distributor shall exercise its option to become exclusive Distributor of other Products or devices by serving written notification on Company of its election to become exclusive distributor within thirty (30) days upon which Company informed Distributor in writing of Company's intention to introduce other Products or devices. If Distributor does not exercise its option as herein provided, Company may distribute the other Products or devices within the Market itself or through other distributors.

Question 18: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Change Of Control" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does one party have the right to terminate or is consent or notice required of the counterparty if such party undergoes a change of control, such as a merger, stock sale, transfer of all or substantially all of its assets or business, or assignment by operation of law?
Answer: Upon termination of this Agreement Distributor shall have no further right to the Names and said License to use the Names shall terminate.

Question 19: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Anti-Assignment" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is consent or notice required of a party if the contract is assigned to a third party?
Answer: No assignment of this Agreement or any right accruing hereunder shall be made by the Distributor in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Question 20: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Revenue/Profit Sharing" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is one party required to share revenue or profit with the counterparty for any technology, goods, or services?
Answer: 

Question 21: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Price Restrictions" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a restriction on the  ability of a party to raise or reduce prices of technology, goods, or  services provided?
Answer: The prices set forth in Section 2.4(a) shall be subject to adjustment annually on the first day of each Product Year beginning in the calendar year 2000 and on the first day of each succeeding Product Year for the remainder of the Term and all renewals of this Agreement in proportion to the increase or decrease in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) as compared to the CPI as it existed on the first day of the Term of this Agreement.

Question 22: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Minimum Commitment" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a minimum order size or minimum amount or units per-time period that one party must buy from the counterparty under the contract?
Answer: A minimum of a $250,000.00 purchase order must be received by Company by the first of each month for a total (12) month period.

Question 23: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Volume Restriction" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a fee increase or consent requirement, etc. if one party’s use of the product/services exceeds certain threshold?
Answer: Company's representatives will make themselves available three days per month in the first Product Year to consult with and train Distributor.

Question 24: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Ip Ownership Assignment" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does intellectual property created  by one party become the property of the counterparty, either per the terms of the contract or upon the occurrence of certain events?
Answer: 

Question 25: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Joint Ip Ownership" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there any clause providing for joint or shared ownership of intellectual property between the parties to the contract?
Answer: 

Question 26: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "License Grant" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does the contract contain a license granted by one party to its counterparty?
Answer: The Company hereby grants the Distributor the right to do business and use the name "Electric City of Illinois" or a similar variation thereof (collectively the "Names") for use under this Agreement.

Question 27: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Non-Transferable License" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does the contract limit the ability of a party to transfer the license being granted to a third party?
Answer: Distributor shall have no right to sublicense the Names or to do business under any other names without the Company's prior approval in writing.

Question 28: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Affiliate License-Licensor" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does the contract contain a license grant by affiliates of the licensor or that includes intellectual property of affiliates of the licensor? 
Answer: 

Question 29: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Affiliate License-Licensee" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does the contract contain a license grant to a licensee (incl. sublicensor) and the affiliates of such licensee/sublicensor?
Answer: Distributor shall have no right to sublicense the Names or to do business under any other names without the Company's prior approval in writing.

Question 30: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Unlimited/All-You-Can-Eat-License" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a clause granting one party an “enterprise,” “all you can eat” or unlimited usage license?
Answer: 

Question 31: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Irrevocable Or Perpetual License" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does the contract contain a  license grant that is irrevocable or perpetual?
Answer: 

Question 32: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Source Code Escrow" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is one party required to deposit its source code into escrow with a third party, which can be released to the counterparty upon the occurrence of certain events (bankruptcy,  insolvency, etc.)?
Answer: 

Question 33: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Post-Termination Services" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is a party subject to obligations after the termination or expiration of a contract, including any post-termination transition, payment, transfer of IP, wind-down, last-buy, or similar commitments?
Answer: Upon termination of this Agreement Distributor shall have no further right to the Names and said License to use the Names shall terminate.

Question 34: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Audit Rights" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does a party have the right to  audit the books, records, or physical locations of the counterparty to ensure compliance with the contract?
Answer: Distributor shall submit written reports to the Company each quarter during the first year of the Term, commencing ninety (90) days after execution of this Agreement, describing its efforts, the potential customers it has approached and the status of its efforts.

Question 35: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Uncapped Liability" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is a party’s liability uncapped upon the breach of its obligation in the contract? This also includes uncap liability for a particular type of breach such as IP infringement or breach of confidentiality obligation.
Answer: Distributor shall make reasonable efforts to notify the Company of the proposed delivery schedule before accepting a customer order and shall give the Company written notice of any customer purchase orders which imposes liability for late shipment and neither the Distributor nor the Company shall have a liability for consequential or liquidated damages pertaining to late delivery unless Company specifically acknowledges and agrees in writing to the same.

Question 36: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Cap On Liability" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does the contract include a cap on liability upon the breach of a party’s obligation? This includes time limitation for the counterparty to bring claims or maximum amount for recovery.
Answer: Distributor shall make reasonable efforts to notify the Company of the proposed delivery schedule before accepting a customer order and shall give the Company written notice of any customer purchase orders which imposes liability for late shipment and neither the Distributor nor the Company shall have a liability for consequential or liquidated damages pertaining to late delivery unless Company specifically acknowledges and agrees in writing to the same.

Question 37: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Liquidated Damages" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Does the contract contain a clause that would award either party liquidated damages for breach or a fee upon the termination of a contract (termination fee)?
Answer: Distributor shall make reasonable efforts to notify the Company of the proposed delivery schedule before accepting a customer order and shall give the Company written notice of any customer purchase orders which imposes liability for late shipment and neither the Distributor nor the Company shall have a liability for consequential or liquidated damages pertaining to late delivery unless Company specifically acknowledges and agrees in writing to the same.

Question 38: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Warranty Duration" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: What is the duration of any  warranty against defects or errors in technology, products, or services  provided under the contract?
Answer: Company further warrants that the Products sold hereunder shall be free from defects in design, materials and workmanship for a period of twenty-four (24) months after delivery to Distributor's end-user.

Question 39: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Insurance" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a requirement for insurance that must be maintained by one party for the benefit of the counterparty?
Answer: Company will carry a reasonable amount of product liability insurance through a reasonably acceptable products liability insurance company and will name the Distributor as an additional insured under that policy.

Question 40: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Covenant Not To Sue" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is a party restricted from contesting the validity of the counterparty’s ownership of intellectual property or otherwise bringing a claim against the counterparty for matters unrelated to the contract?
Answer: During the Term of this Agreement and for three years thereafter, the Distributor (on behalf of itself and each of its affiliates) agrees not to commence, or provide any information to or otherwise assist any person or entity in connection with, any suit, action or proceeding contesting the ownership, validity or enforceability of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade name or other propriety right owned by or licensed to the Company, whether currently existing or hereinafter invented, developed or acquired unless required to by court order.

Question 41: Highlight the parts (if any) of this contract related to "Third Party Beneficiary" that should be reviewed by a lawyer. Details: Is there a non-contracting party who is a beneficiary to some or all of the clauses in the contract and therefore can enforce its rights against a contracting party?
Answer: 

